IBU-10837: auto add ai signatures (#92)
ProteinsWebTeam/pronto: scripts/README.md

```

**Select a subset of member databases.** By default `create_ai_entries.py` integrates all ai generated signatures for all member databases listed in `utilities`. To define a single or subset of member databases, using the `--databases` flag, followed by a comma separated list of database names (lower case).

```bash
python3 create_ai_entries.py \
    --databases panther
```

## Options

```bash
$ python3 create_ai_entries.py -h
usage: Import AI generated data [-h] [-b BATCH_SIZE] [-c] [--databases {panther,ncbifam,cathgene3d} [{panther,ncbifam,cathgene3d} ...]] [--pronto PRONTO] [--request_pause REQUEST_PAUSE]
                                [--timeout TIMEOUT]

Automatically integrated AI-generated signatures into the IPPRO database

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -b BATCH_SIZE, --batch_size BATCH_SIZE
                        Number of signatures to parse at a time. (default: 50000000)
  -c, --cache           Write out signatures with non-unique name/short name to a TSV file (default: False)
  --databases {panther,ncbifam,cathgene3d} [{panther,ncbifam,cathgene3d} ...]

>                         Member databases to integrate ai generated signatures from. Default: ALL (default: ['panther', 'ncbifam', 'cathgene3d'])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Member databases to integrate ai generated signatures from. (default: all)
```

  --pronto PRONTO       URL of pronto - used to connect to the pronto API. (default: http://pronto.ebi.ac.uk:5000)
  --request_pause REQUEST_PAUSE

>                         Seconds to wait between payloards to the Pronto REST API (default: 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Seconds to wait between payloads to the Pronto REST API (default: 0.1)
```
